UPDATES: (#5)
personium/new-docs: website/blog/2020-01-30-Own-Your-Data-Pilot.md

---
title: Update #1 - Pilot project (Tally Zoo) with OwnYourData
author: Dixon Siu
authorURL: https://twitter.com/dixon_siu
---

During the winter vacation, [OwnYourData](https://www.ownyourdata.eu/)'s chief engineer had been working hard understanding Personium APIs and finally Tally Zoo [Documentation](http://bit.ly/TallyZoo_with_CEPS ) can access Personium user's data store (Box). We achieved the followings in current implementation:  

1. Personium user authentication from TallyZoo  
1. Retrieve Personium Cell access token to access the data store  
1. Store and remove JSON files  

> Even though our goal (interoperability of personal data store) is still far away, [MyData](https://mydata.org) movement continues to drive collabrations among subject matter experts and passionate participants. Persererance will finally lead us to our goal.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though our goal (interoperability of personal data store) is still far away, [MyData](https://mydata.org) movement continues to drive collaborations among subject matter experts and passionate participants. Perseverance will finally lead us to our goal.  
```

We will provide the following improvements for the next stage.  

1. Add a launcher from Personium's HomeApp  
1. Retrieve Personium Box access token to access the data store  
1. Create/Delete OData table  
1. Add/Delete OData table entry  

<img src="https://dixonsiu.demo-jp.personium.io/MyData/images/ownyourdata.png" width="150px" >  
Original news here: https://personium.io/blog/2019/12/09/Own-Your-Data-Pilot/  

<!--truncate-->

> ## Demo  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Demo  
Note:  You need a special configuration on your cell to perform the following procedure. 
```

Reviewer: Should add some text like above to avoid misleading cell owners to try this operation now.
